README.md, before:

# LeetCodePython

## How to practice?

- Understand the data structure (Binary Tree)
- Understand the algorithms of this structure (DFS)
- Repeat the exercises in LeetCode (About the chosen algorithm)
- Identify patterns

Repeat this for each topic

## How to start? (Plan)

1. We can start with the "Top100 Liked Questions"

2. Then focus on the questions by topic => String, Two Pointers, Sliding Window, Binary Search, Recursion, Binary Tree, Backtracking, DFS, BFS, Graph, Linkedi List, Sort, Trie, Slack/Queue, Piority Queue, Dynamic Programming

**Important** => Array, String, Sorting, Counting

3. Sort by acceptance rate rather than difficulty

4. **IMPORTANT NOTE**: maximum 45 minutes per exercise! If you can't do it in that time, look at the solution.
After learning the solution, look for a similar exercise and put the learning into practice.

5. Revisit the problems

6. Further ahead: Solve company-specific questions


| # | Title | Solution | Acceptance | Difficulty | Summary |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------- |
| 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python](/src/0001_two_sum/main.py) | 53.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/0001_two_sum/readme.md) |
| 4 | [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays) | [Python](/src/0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/main.py) | 41.3% | Hard | [Description](/src/0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/readme.md) |
| 11 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water) | [Python](/src/0011_container_with_most_water/main.py) | 56.0% | Medium | [Description](/src/0011_container_with_most_water/readme.md) |
| 13 | [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer) | [Python](/src/0013_roman_to_integer/main.py) | 62.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/0013_roman_to_integer/readme.md) |
| 20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses) | [Python](/src/0020_valid_parentheses/main.py) | 41.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0020_valid_parentheses/readme.md) |
| 344 | [Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string) | [Python](/src/0344_reverse_string/main.py) | 79.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0344_reverse_string/readme.md) |
| 557 | [Reverse Words in a String III](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) | [Python](/src/0557_reverse_words_in_a_string_3/main.py) | 83.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/0557_reverse_words_in_a_string_3/readme.md) |
| 709 | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case) | [Python](/src/0709_to_lower_case/main.py) | 83.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/0709_to_lower_case/readme.md) |
| 771 | [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones) | [Python](/src/0771_jewels_and_stones/main.py) | 88.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/0771_jewels_and_stones/readme.md) |
| 804 | [Unique Morse Code Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-morse-code-words) | [Python](/src/0804_unique_morse_code_words/main.py) | 83.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0804_unique_morse_code_words/readme.md) |
| 1108 | [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [Python](/src/1108_defanging_an_ip_address/main.py) | 89.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/1108_defanging_an_ip_address/readme.md) |
| 1221 | [Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings) | [Python](/src/1221_split_a_string_in_balanced_strings/main.py) | 86.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/1221_split_a_string_in_balanced_strings/readme.md) |
| 1309 | [Decrypt String from Alphabet to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/decrypt-string-from-alphabet-to-integer-mapping) | [Python](/src/1309_decrypt_string_from_alphabet_to_integer_mapping/main.py) | 79.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1309_decrypt_string_from_alphabet_to_integer_mapping/readme.md) |
| 1436 | [Destination City](https://leetcode.com/problems/destination-city) | [Python](/src/1436_destination_city/main.py) | 79.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/1436_destination_city/readme.md) |
| 1528 | [Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string) | [Python](/src/1528_shuffle_string/main.py) | 84.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1528_shuffle_string/readme.md) |
| 1614 | [Maximum Nesting Depth of the Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) | [Python](/src/1614_maximum_nesting_depth_of_the_parentheses/main.py) | 83.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1614_maximum_nesting_depth_of_the_parentheses/readme.md) |
| 1662 | [Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) | [Python](/src/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent/main.py) | 85.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent/readme.md) |
| 1678 | [Goal Parser Interpretation](https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation) | [Python](/src/1678_goal_parser_interpretation/main.py) | 	87.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/1678_goal_parser_interpretation/readme.md) |
| 1684 | [Count the Number of Consistent Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-consistent-strings) | [Python](/src/1684_count_the_number_of_consistent_strings/main.py) | 83.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1684_count_the_number_of_consistent_strings/readme.md) |
| 1689 | [Partitioning Into Minimum Number Of Deci-Binary Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) | [Python](/src/1689_partioning_into_minimun_number_of_deci-binary_numbers/main.py) | 88.7% | Medium | [Description](/src/1689_partioning_into_minimun_number_of_deci-binary_numbers/readme.md) |
| 1704 | [Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike) | [Python](/src/1704_determine_if_string_halves_are_alike/main.py) | 78.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1704_determine_if_string_halves_are_alike/readme.md) |
| 1768 | [Merge Strings Alternately](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-strings-alternately) | [Python](/src/1768_merge_strings_alternately/main.py) | 80.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/1768_merge_strings_alternately/readme.md) |
| 1773 | [Count Items Matching a Rule](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-items-matching-a-rule) | [Python](/src/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule/main.py) | 84.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule/readme.md) |
| 1812 | [Determine Color of a Chessboard Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-color-of-a-chessboard-square) | [Python](/src/1812_determine_color_of_a_chessboard_square/main.py) | 78.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/1812_determine_color_of_a_chessboard_square/readme.md) |
| 1816 | [Truncate Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/truncate-sentence) | [Python](/src/1816_truncate_sentence/main.py) | 85.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1816_truncate_sentence/readme.md) |
| 1844 | [Replace All Digits with Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-all-digits-with-characters) | [Python](/src/1844_replace_all_digits_with_characters/main.py) | 81.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1844_replace_all_digits_with_characters/readme.md) |
| 1967 | [Number of Strings That Appear as Substrings in Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-strings-that-appear-as-substrings-in-word) | [Python](/src/1967_number_of_strings_that_appear_as_substrings_in_word/main.py) | 81.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/1967_number_of_strings_that_appear_as_substrings_in_word/readme.md) |
| 2000 | [Reverse Prefix of Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-prefix-of-word) | [Python](/src/2000_reverse_prefix_of_word/main.py) | 86.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/2000_reverse_prefix_of_word/readme.md) |
| 2011 | [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) | [Python](/src/2011_final_value_of_variable_after_performing_operations/main.py) | 	89.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2011_final_value_of_variable_after_performing_operations/readme.md) |
| 2103 | [Rings and Rods](https://leetcode.com/problems/rings-and-rods) | [Python](/src/2103_rings_and_rods/main.py) | 80.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2103_rings_and_rods/readme.md) |
| 2114 | [Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences) | [Python](/src/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences/main.py) | 86.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences/readme.md) |
| 2125 | [Number of Laser Beams in a Bank](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-laser-beams-in-a-bank) | [Python](/src/2125_number_of_laser_beams_in_a_bank/main.py) | 85.6% | Medium | [Description](/src/2125_number_of_laser_beams_in_a_bank/readme.md) |
| 2185 | [Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) | [Python](/src/2185_counting_words_with_a_given_prefix/main.py) | 78.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2185_counting_words_with_a_given_prefix/readme.md) |
| 2315 | [Count Asterisks](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-asterisks) | [Python](/src/2315_count_asterisks/main.py) | 82.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2315_count_asterisks/readme.md) |
| 2325 | [Decode the Message](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-the-message) | [Python](/src/2325_decode_the_message/main.py) | 84.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2325_decode_the_message/readme.md) |
| 2678 | [Number of Senior Citizens](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-senior-citizens) | [Python](/src/2678_number_of_senior_citizens/main.py) | 81.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2678_number_of_senior_citizens/readme.md) |
| 2710 | [Remove Trailing Zeros From a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-trailing-zeros-from-a-string) | [Python](/src/2710_remove_trailing_zeros_from_a_string/main.py) | 78.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2710_remove_trailing_zeros_from_a_string/readme.md) |
| 2744 | [Find Maximum Number of String Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-maximum-number-of-string-pairs) | [Python](/src/2744_find_maximum_number_of_string_pairs/main.py) | 81.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2744_find_maximum_number_of_string_pairs/readme.md) |
| 2810 | [Faulty Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/faulty-keyboard) | [Python](/src/2810_faulty_keyboard/main.py) | 84.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/2810_faulty_keyboard/readme.md) |
| 2828 | [Check if a String Is an Acronym of Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-a-string-is-an-acronym-of-words) | [Python](/src/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words/main.py) | 83.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words/readme.md) |
| 2864 | [Maximum Odd Binary Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-odd-binary-number) | [Python](/src/2864_maximum_odd_binary_number/main.py) | 83.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/2864_maximum_odd_binary_number/readme.md) |
| 2942 | [Find Words Containing Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-words-containing-character) | [Python](/src/2942_find_words_containing_character/main.py) | 88.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2942_find_words_containing_character/readme.md) |
| 3016 | [Minimum Number of Pushes to Type Word II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-pushes-to-type-word-ii) | [Python](/src/3016_minimum_number_of_pushes_to_type_word_2/main.py) | 80.7% | Medium | [Description](/src/3016_minimum_number_of_pushes_to_type_word_2/readme.md) |
| 3019 | [Number of Changing Keys](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-changing-keys) | [Python](/src/3019_number_of_changing_keys/main.py) | 81.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/3019_number_of_changing_keys/readme.md) |
| 3110 | [Score of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-a-string/) | [Python](/src/3110_score_of_a_string/main.py) | 93.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/3110_score_of_a_string/readme.md) |
| 3146 | [Permutation Difference between Two Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-difference-between-two-strings) | [Python](/src/3146_permutation_difference_between_two_strings/main.py) | 89.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/3146_permutation_difference_between_two_strings/readme.md) |
| 3168 | [Minimum Number of Chairs in a Waiting Room](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-chairs-in-a-waiting-room) | [Python](/src/3168_minimum_number_of_chairs_in_a_waiting_room/main.py) | 80.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/3168_minimum_number_of_chairs_in_a_waiting_room/readme.md) |
| 3248 | [Snake in Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/snake-in-matrix) | [Python](/src/3248_snake_in_matrix/main.py) | 82.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/3248_snake_in_matrix/readme.md) |

Commit message:

:books: docs: Updating table with challenge 1374

README.md, after:

# LeetCodePython

## How to practice?

- Understand the data structure (Binary Tree)
- Understand the algorithms of this structure (DFS)
- Repeat the exercises in LeetCode (About the chosen algorithm)
- Identify patterns

Repeat this for each topic

## How to start? (Plan)

1. We can start with the "Top100 Liked Questions"

2. Then focus on the questions by topic => String, Two Pointers, Sliding Window, Binary Search, Recursion, Binary Tree, Backtracking, DFS, BFS, Graph, Linkedi List, Sort, Trie, Slack/Queue, Piority Queue, Dynamic Programming

**Important** => Array, String, Sorting, Counting

3. Sort by acceptance rate rather than difficulty

4. **IMPORTANT NOTE**: maximum 45 minutes per exercise! If you can't do it in that time, look at the solution.
After learning the solution, look for a similar exercise and put the learning into practice.

5. Revisit the problems

6. Further ahead: Solve company-specific questions


| # | Title | Solution | Acceptance | Difficulty | Summary |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------- |
| 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python](/src/0001_two_sum/main.py) | 53.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/0001_two_sum/readme.md) |
| 4 | [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays) | [Python](/src/0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/main.py) | 41.3% | Hard | [Description](/src/0004_median_of_two_sorted_arrays/readme.md) |
| 11 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water) | [Python](/src/0011_container_with_most_water/main.py) | 56.0% | Medium | [Description](/src/0011_container_with_most_water/readme.md) |
| 13 | [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer) | [Python](/src/0013_roman_to_integer/main.py) | 62.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/0013_roman_to_integer/readme.md) |
| 20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses) | [Python](/src/0020_valid_parentheses/main.py) | 41.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0020_valid_parentheses/readme.md) |
| 344 | [Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string) | [Python](/src/0344_reverse_string/main.py) | 79.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0344_reverse_string/readme.md) |
| 557 | [Reverse Words in a String III](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii) | [Python](/src/0557_reverse_words_in_a_string_3/main.py) | 83.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/0557_reverse_words_in_a_string_3/readme.md) |
| 709 | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case) | [Python](/src/0709_to_lower_case/main.py) | 83.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/0709_to_lower_case/readme.md) |
| 771 | [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones) | [Python](/src/0771_jewels_and_stones/main.py) | 88.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/0771_jewels_and_stones/readme.md) |
| 804 | [Unique Morse Code Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-morse-code-words) | [Python](/src/0804_unique_morse_code_words/main.py) | 83.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/0804_unique_morse_code_words/readme.md) |
| 1108 | [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [Python](/src/1108_defanging_an_ip_address/main.py) | 89.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/1108_defanging_an_ip_address/readme.md) |
| 1221 | [Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings) | [Python](/src/1221_split_a_string_in_balanced_strings/main.py) | 86.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/1221_split_a_string_in_balanced_strings/readme.md) |
| 1309 | [Decrypt String from Alphabet to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/decrypt-string-from-alphabet-to-integer-mapping) | [Python](/src/1309_decrypt_string_from_alphabet_to_integer_mapping/main.py) | 79.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1309_decrypt_string_from_alphabet_to_integer_mapping/readme.md) |
| 1374 | [Generate a String With Characters That Have Odd Counts](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-a-string-with-characters-that-have-odd-counts) | [Python](/src/1374_generate_a_string_with_characters_that_have_odd_counts/main.py) | 78.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/1374_generate_a_string_with_characters_that_have_odd_counts/readme.md) |
| 1436 | [Destination City](https://leetcode.com/problems/destination-city) | [Python](/src/1436_destination_city/main.py) | 79.5% | Easy | [Description](/src/1436_destination_city/readme.md) |
| 1528 | [Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string) | [Python](/src/1528_shuffle_string/main.py) | 84.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1528_shuffle_string/readme.md) |
| 1614 | [Maximum Nesting Depth of the Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) | [Python](/src/1614_maximum_nesting_depth_of_the_parentheses/main.py) | 83.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/1614_maximum_nesting_depth_of_the_parentheses/readme.md) |
| 1662 | [Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent) | [Python](/src/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent/main.py) | 85.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1662_check_if_two_string_arrays_are_equivalent/readme.md) |
| 1678 | [Goal Parser Interpretation](https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation) | [Python](/src/1678_goal_parser_interpretation/main.py) | 	87.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/1678_goal_parser_interpretation/readme.md) |
| 1684 | [Count the Number of Consistent Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-consistent-strings) | [Python](/src/1684_count_the_number_of_consistent_strings/main.py) | 83.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1684_count_the_number_of_consistent_strings/readme.md) |
| 1689 | [Partitioning Into Minimum Number Of Deci-Binary Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/partitioning-into-minimum-number-of-deci-binary-numbers) | [Python](/src/1689_partioning_into_minimun_number_of_deci-binary_numbers/main.py) | 88.7% | Medium | [Description](/src/1689_partioning_into_minimun_number_of_deci-binary_numbers/readme.md) |
| 1704 | [Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike) | [Python](/src/1704_determine_if_string_halves_are_alike/main.py) | 78.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1704_determine_if_string_halves_are_alike/readme.md) |
| 1768 | [Merge Strings Alternately](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-strings-alternately) | [Python](/src/1768_merge_strings_alternately/main.py) | 80.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/1768_merge_strings_alternately/readme.md) |
| 1773 | [Count Items Matching a Rule](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-items-matching-a-rule) | [Python](/src/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule/main.py) | 84.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1773_count_items_matching_a_rule/readme.md) |
| 1812 | [Determine Color of a Chessboard Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-color-of-a-chessboard-square) | [Python](/src/1812_determine_color_of_a_chessboard_square/main.py) | 78.8% | Easy | [Description](/src/1812_determine_color_of_a_chessboard_square/readme.md) |
| 1816 | [Truncate Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/truncate-sentence) | [Python](/src/1816_truncate_sentence/main.py) | 85.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/1816_truncate_sentence/readme.md) |
| 1844 | [Replace All Digits with Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-all-digits-with-characters) | [Python](/src/1844_replace_all_digits_with_characters/main.py) | 81.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/1844_replace_all_digits_with_characters/readme.md) |
| 1967 | [Number of Strings That Appear as Substrings in Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-strings-that-appear-as-substrings-in-word) | [Python](/src/1967_number_of_strings_that_appear_as_substrings_in_word/main.py) | 81.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/1967_number_of_strings_that_appear_as_substrings_in_word/readme.md) |
| 2000 | [Reverse Prefix of Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-prefix-of-word) | [Python](/src/2000_reverse_prefix_of_word/main.py) | 86.3% | Easy | [Description](/src/2000_reverse_prefix_of_word/readme.md) |
| 2011 | [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations) | [Python](/src/2011_final_value_of_variable_after_performing_operations/main.py) | 	89.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2011_final_value_of_variable_after_performing_operations/readme.md) |
| 2103 | [Rings and Rods](https://leetcode.com/problems/rings-and-rods) | [Python](/src/2103_rings_and_rods/main.py) | 80.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2103_rings_and_rods/readme.md) |
| 2114 | [Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences) | [Python](/src/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences/main.py) | 86.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/2114_maximum_number_of_words_found_in_sentences/readme.md) |
| 2125 | [Number of Laser Beams in a Bank](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-laser-beams-in-a-bank) | [Python](/src/2125_number_of_laser_beams_in_a_bank/main.py) | 85.6% | Medium | [Description](/src/2125_number_of_laser_beams_in_a_bank/readme.md) |
| 2185 | [Counting Words With a Given Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) | [Python](/src/2185_counting_words_with_a_given_prefix/main.py) | 78.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2185_counting_words_with_a_given_prefix/readme.md) |
| 2315 | [Count Asterisks](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-asterisks) | [Python](/src/2315_count_asterisks/main.py) | 82.4% | Easy | [Description](/src/2315_count_asterisks/readme.md) |
| 2325 | [Decode the Message](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-the-message) | [Python](/src/2325_decode_the_message/main.py) | 84.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2325_decode_the_message/readme.md) |
| 2678 | [Number of Senior Citizens](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-senior-citizens) | [Python](/src/2678_number_of_senior_citizens/main.py) | 81.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2678_number_of_senior_citizens/readme.md) |
| 2710 | [Remove Trailing Zeros From a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-trailing-zeros-from-a-string) | [Python](/src/2710_remove_trailing_zeros_from_a_string/main.py) | 78.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2710_remove_trailing_zeros_from_a_string/readme.md) |
| 2744 | [Find Maximum Number of String Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-maximum-number-of-string-pairs) | [Python](/src/2744_find_maximum_number_of_string_pairs/main.py) | 81.9% | Easy | [Description](/src/2744_find_maximum_number_of_string_pairs/readme.md) |
| 2810 | [Faulty Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/faulty-keyboard) | [Python](/src/2810_faulty_keyboard/main.py) | 84.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/2810_faulty_keyboard/readme.md) |
| 2828 | [Check if a String Is an Acronym of Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-a-string-is-an-acronym-of-words) | [Python](/src/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words/main.py) | 83.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/2828_check_if_a_string_is_an_acronym_of_words/readme.md) |
| 2864 | [Maximum Odd Binary Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-odd-binary-number) | [Python](/src/2864_maximum_odd_binary_number/main.py) | 83.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/2864_maximum_odd_binary_number/readme.md) |
| 2942 | [Find Words Containing Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-words-containing-character) | [Python](/src/2942_find_words_containing_character/main.py) | 88.7% | Easy | [Description](/src/2942_find_words_containing_character/readme.md) |
| 3016 | [Minimum Number of Pushes to Type Word II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-pushes-to-type-word-ii) | [Python](/src/3016_minimum_number_of_pushes_to_type_word_2/main.py) | 80.7% | Medium | [Description](/src/3016_minimum_number_of_pushes_to_type_word_2/readme.md) |
| 3019 | [Number of Changing Keys](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-changing-keys) | [Python](/src/3019_number_of_changing_keys/main.py) | 81.0% | Easy | [Description](/src/3019_number_of_changing_keys/readme.md) |
| 3110 | [Score of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/score-of-a-string/) | [Python](/src/3110_score_of_a_string/main.py) | 93.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/3110_score_of_a_string/readme.md) |
| 3146 | [Permutation Difference between Two Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-difference-between-two-strings) | [Python](/src/3146_permutation_difference_between_two_strings/main.py) | 89.2% | Easy | [Description](/src/3146_permutation_difference_between_two_strings/readme.md) |
| 3168 | [Minimum Number of Chairs in a Waiting Room](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-chairs-in-a-waiting-room) | [Python](/src/3168_minimum_number_of_chairs_in_a_waiting_room/main.py) | 80.6% | Easy | [Description](/src/3168_minimum_number_of_chairs_in_a_waiting_room/readme.md) |
| 3248 | [Snake in Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/snake-in-matrix) | [Python](/src/3248_snake_in_matrix/main.py) | 82.1% | Easy | [Description](/src/3248_snake_in_matrix/readme.md) |
